Okay so we have our aged here male 40 about S..
How about safe sex.
I think we can start working on it.
And here again we're gonna do the same while Dale was gonna say bow section or just about and we can
copy and paste it and off about and let's start adding now.
The first style technically is gonna be the global one.
And this is gonna be really up to you.
You want to keep it in the About section or you can keep it in global.
Well first of all you need to work on and like I said.
The reason for this is because there is gonna be a section underclass and this is gonna be used for
our land and not only in this section but in few other.
No way they the way this is gonna work I'm gonna say section and we're looking for the class of center
and I would like to add some padding.
Now one thing that's gonna be annoying right now that you're not going to be able to see anything because
of the actual image.
So let me first add the padding and then you'll see that there is gonna be padding but this image is
quite district so why don't we do this.
I know that there is gonna be a picture image of about picture class was for image and I'm just like
to add right now with 100 percent as well as the display block on display block at the moment is not
necessary but I just find it easier if we can see everything that we're doing instead of this massive
image so let me write again this play.
BLOCK And now we're not gonna have this annoying margin in the bottom back to the sections and so now
I'm adding the padding top and bottom as well.
Remember that this is for all the sections that we're gonna be using whatever we're gonna be using Section
Sander.
This is gonna happen.
And here I would like to have some kind of width so let's say with it is going to be like 80 view with
as well as I would like to use.
And you know what I didn't delete it.
Now this is gonna be a review with.
However since we're dealing with the screen a percentage of the screen I also would like to set it up
the max with something to say.
This should not get bigger than 11 hundred and seventy pixels.
Now this is the reason as we're looking at the finished project that even if I'm gonna make this bigger
the sections is let's say about section product section and here to contact session all of them are
gonna have the same layout because we're using this section center.
That's the whole reason behind.
Now we also would like to place it always in the center and we have an option of margin zero.
No no no.
So this way our section is gonna be in center.
And technically as you're looking at it you're like I don't know does this really affect.
Yeah it does affect it does affect you even though we cannot see clearly maybe let's say background
red or anything like that but it does affect our layout and you'll see how much more beneficial it is.
Again you can keep this in the adult section.
What I'm gonna do do is I'm gonna get it to a global because in theory at least this is a global one
because we're using it throughout multiple sections.
Again it's not really a big deal.
You can keep it in about but in some cases might be where you're like looking for it and you're like
OK now I need to remember which section it was in so where I had to see ss.
Is that like a deal breaker.
Depends how big is your project.
Probably the bigger the project the harder it's going to be look for it.
OK.
So what else we have after the picture where you're not before the picture.
Let's work on these two columns.
Now what was the columns.
One was about image the article.
And second one was they are blocked in front.
Now what I would like to do right now is just add some kind of margin or I'm sorry padding in between
them because right now I have the image that would be about image and then I have this about our station
that's gonna be already in full.
So what I will do over here is I'm going to say about class and the class name was the image then comma.
So I'd like to select two of them about info and for both of them let's add some padding top bottom
is going to be to our arms and left all right there's gonna be zero.
Now I was gonna have some padding in between.
Okay so let's start working with this container because like I said there's gonna be some things that
I want to do with an image but I do want to have the container.
So first of all let's start working with a background.
So let's say about that was the container picture glass container.
And let's add some background now the background is gonna be primary color and I can tell you right
away if everything is correct you're not gonna be able to see this color.
So let must have it and everything is correct and we cannot see how or if we remove this block.
Now this was gonna happen.
There is gonna be this green color and there is the reasoning for this madness.
Now let me again on come on this and now I can see the call also I would like to have some water some
would say border zero point five or M So how thick is the border zero point five.
What is the type solid.
And then we're gonna be looking again for the primary color primary color is it gonna be our color.
So now we're adding nice border all around.
Also we'd like to have a little bit of border radius border radius and then we're looking for one area.
I was gonna leave a comment that there is gonna be an awful but maybe for now I'm not gonna add it just
so we can kind of make a mistake and then once we're gonna fix it then we're gonna figure out what is
the mistake.
Now let me say that this is going to be awful.
And so far this is what I'm having with my container.
I do want to add a little bit different setup for the picture.
So first I would like to have some transitioning.
So as I'm hovering I would like to make this picture big and I know that already for this I can do the
transitioning.
We already have the variable main transitioning like we had already before and now let's set up the
hovering color it is important that hovering is going to happen as I'm hovering over the container because
the container is the parent container.
Let me find it here.
We have the parent container and then we have our image.
What I want is as I'm hovering over again this parent container.
Then some changes are gonna be applied today.
Oh this is gonna work.
Well we're gonna say and we already have covered this about picture that was a name and we're looking
for a container that has them hovering over this container.
I would like to do something to this import picture now that something is gonna be first of all transformation
and this name means to us they match.
So here I just had a misspelling so this wouldn't work.
And then we're gonna say first of all opacity is gonna go to zero point five.
So what's gonna happen.
Well we were all gonna be making the image more transparent and you'll see what's gonna happen as we're
doing as well as we would like to transform it a little bit.
And we're gonna say again scaling.
So we're gonna make this bigger.
X and y direction by one point to what do you think is going to happen right now as I'm hovering over
the container notice.
Well there's one nice thing that's working and what.
But now the nice thing we can already see that there is some kind of background not a bad thing is that
the image is obviously getting bigger even though we want that we don't want to make it bigger than
the actual container.
So this is the reason why we're using here overflow.
And then we have the value of it.
Now what's gonna happen is as I'm hovering the image is gonna get bigger within the container.
So it's not going to be overflowing but we're also having this nice background.
So even though in the beginning we were not able to see the background.
You're like well why is this do it out in the background.
There's no real difference.
What I want is as I'm hovering I can change the opacity of the image so the image becomes more transparent.
And now it can see the color.
So that was the whole reasoning behind this man.
Then we have again the global.
This would be the section title and we can write it he is here or I'm just gonna head over right away
to my Global's and we're gonna add these tiles because again I do think that since we're gonna be reusing
all throughout the different sections we might as well write them into global.
So here we have section dash subtitle title subtitle title and then for the subtitle 1 First of all
font size I yams so the fans are going to be bigger font family I would want slanted so fun family is
gonna be the slanted variable so not secondary color and I'm getting secondary color anyway so I'd want
a slanted next and that's gonna be my fun family.
Also one some letter spacing.
Now what was our typical letter spacing that we had in our variable.
So that's what it can be getting.
I also would want some text transformation text transform capitalized as well as we're gonna add some
different color so we say color is gonna be primary so primary color.
And yeah this is gonna be our subtitle what's gonna be with the title.
This is gonna be a little bit easier.
We'll just gonna add section title and then here we're gonna be looking for what.
Well we're gonna have fun size sized answers to our.
So fans are gonna be a little bit bigger and Tex transform uppercase.
Let me scroll down a little with maybe you can see better than uh Tex transform and was gonna transform
it uppercase.
Now this is gonna be our title.
Okay.
I think this is good enough.
We can head over back again to where we were working because we only have one thing that we need to
work on remember that was the about text the paragraph that we added and then we're gonna start dealing
again with uh responsive layout because we were gonna be floating this.
I'm gonna head over again back to where I finished here and we're gonna say that there is gonna be a
class.
So classes are gonna be about text and for the text it's gonna be very simply we're gonna say margin
is gonna be top bottom one harem and left and right zero.
So we're gonna add a little bit of margin but also let's add max width because again this is gonna be
the case where from and you know what I can just get her on this.
We don't need to clear fix but this does not look as good as I want.
So what we're gonna be having this text spread out and I think that's a better fix if we add the max
with max width there's gonna be 26.
And like I said before this is not a magic number.
I just decided that this is gonna look better.
So in this case if I'm looking at bigger screen this looks to me better than what we had before.
Now let's start floating this and let's start applying some kind of values.
So what I'm going to say here is that for all we need media query media and we're gonna say screen and
what we can do here while we can say that media screen starting from nine hundred ninety two would say
and I'm going to be starting from Maine with and let's say nine hundred ninety two pixels that's gonna
be about and here what I would like to do is for both of these articles obviously for both of my columns
I would like to follow them and I would want to follow them to the left with a with the 50 percent.
So let's do this let's say about image.
Can mean one thing and then comma and also we can do about in full.
So both of the columns and let's follow them to the left first as well as let's set up the width of
50 percent.
Because I would want them actually side by side.
Let's see in a bigger screen.
I think this is gonna be a bigger better scene.
Let me go back again.
This would be before we get to nine hundred ninety two.
But the moment we get to 992 we do have a two column layer color if you're looking at it you're like
Yeah I looks okay.
I mean you have two columns and you obviously don't have any kind of issues here but like I don't know
what's something floating right next to it but I probably don't want them side by side.
I would want to have some kind of padding or something like that and we can definitely do that.
Well let's say from 990 to remember initially we gave them the pairing of two arms.
Now why don't we add something here.
Why don't we say that padding for both of them is gonna be two arms all around.
And we know the shortcut is gonna be two arms.
So what I'm saying here is all the sides is gonna have two arms all around once we say right now we
have a nice planet and this is our can basically fix this.
And now this is gonna look nicer where both of them as they get side by side are gonna have some kind
of padding.
So there's gonna be some distinction in between them.
So that way we can have two column layout which is gonna look really nice exactly like we work before
and the final project.
And now we can move on and start working on our next section.